---
author: Mark Fischer
title: Happy Birthday to Me
date: "2004-06-06"
type: post
categories:
  - family
  - birthdays

---

Well, my countdown to 30 has reached one today.  Yesterday we went out to dinner and to
see the new Harry Potter movie.  Today we need to figure out a way to hang up my new
hammock.  Woo sounds like a trip to Home Depot to me! **Update:** 4:30 pm:  It's Hammock
Time!

<!--more-->

So yesterday our friend Dana went out to dinner with Angela and I to [Oregano's][1], a
great little pizza joint here in Flagstaff.  They make some really great pizza, but the
true draw for me is their one desert.  They make pizzookie.  It's a pizza - cookie! 
Pizzookie!  It's a huge cookie backed in this pan, and then topped with ice cream and
chocolate chips.  The contrast of cold and hot is really great, and it just tastes
awesome.

[1]: http://oreganos.com/locations/flagstaff/

Then it was off to the theater to stand in line to see the new <a
href="http://www.harrypotter.com">Harry Potter</a> movie.  We got there over an hour
before the movie started, and got a good place in line.  It's boring standing in line for
an hour, but se stood around and talked about moving, jobs, and all that.  We managed to
get really great seats for the movie, so the wait was worth it.  The movie was a blast
just like the others.  Maybe I'm easy to please, but I really liked this movie despite a
lot of people claiming the first two were better.  Who cares, this movie rocked without
needing to compare it to the others.  The only big problem is that with the books getting
substantially thicker than #1 and #2, they have to cut out more and more to get it to a
decent length that kids can sit through.  They hit all the main points, but some of the
details get lost.  I have no idea how they're going to manage to do the Goblet of Fire.

So Sunday morning, eating left over pizza, and getting ready to head out to Home Depot for bolts.
Woot.

<b>Update:</b> 4:30 pm We got the hammock hung up.  I was humbled because my complex
engineering way of attaching the hammock failed miserably, and Angela's simple way works
great.

{{< img-fit
    "8u" "birthday.jpg" "Mark in the Hammock"
    "/blog/2004" >}}
